I was watching that I'm not watching vet
programs in a meeting
the since when of dog operations been
entertaining not a golf ball Stockton
it's cold on I'm quite happy to share it
got in there I just don't watch it
coming out
doggy innards flapping around
mrs. animals on every channel
so how many times I've seen those
turtles hatch out on that beach see that
man there he gets eaten by a crab and
you say yeah here we go that's the best
bit you know what that kind of loss
dinner who's eating chicken you know I
mean live animals you don't even have a
fishing a fish tank because you get one
fish you think huh it looks lonely
she gave him a mate but they don't get
on she get a third fish then you got two
on one you get another fish before we
know who you are
you got a borstal in your living room
I'll go just don't cut back we stop
doing that money on the laughs yeah in
those balloons are for the party I was
on there with you he's having a go at me
I'll do Lily you know not just did it
pay the rent
yes all you do then you come over and
put your feet up I'm sorry
I told you those balloons for the party
my balloons I paid for get some more we
ran out
yeah you're a moldy miserable old cow
you're always moaning at me always on
the case well I've done the soul all
right
just tell me nothing that's what nothing
for the past five years now piss off
birthday excessive thinking of going
bowling
I know you told me six times already
yeah you come in remember what I said
last time you lost you'll be dying in
your flannel before that we whined in a
video fool it will be just in the black
night to win the princess's hand in
marriage
mmm busy day I can't come Errol right
I'll be working six days that week you
get the poor managers job yes when they
do happen tomorrow at the interview so
you actually haven't got the job if I
have I'll put you down anyway and no
point I'll be working I think you'll be
bolded are you saying I'm not gonna get
this job no yes you are
why just a feeling and you spilled beer
on your application form that was Shandy
it's different unbelievable you are yeah
I don't drink I don't smoke
that's high drugs don't gamble I have a
little bit of a lien you go into one
kind of fun is that without you I don't
go me stop wasting those balloons oh I
won't I like it
I like having fun and what I've done
over days I'm gonna go out and get some
more you are so selfish what about the
keys what about them like everything
that I want they won't even notice don't
even know are these kids who are they
maisha
Steve Rainey who are they
the Leon's friends Oh Leon's friends
I get to play with a bloons I'll play
with one bleh and blown you go buddy
what party's off I'm taking the ball to
McDonald's I don't care and they I'm
sorry you weren't so neuron this pool I
want to run this pool let's do business
wind's coming
I can't me there's a blood breaking
loose
you grab got job engine for poor manager
Hugh Oh manager yes
she's pretend we haven't seen it yeah